# Appraise job preparation

Note that lots of this code has been obtained by modifying existing code containing other functionalities.  Remnants of the code used there are still found here. Some time would be needed to streamline this code.

## prepare_one_2.py

Takes two files: a reference text file, a hint text file, and produces an XML results file.
In this project, both the reference and the hint text are a single sentence.

If --no_hint is given, the hint text is ignored.

One can set the percentage of gaps (e.g.  --percentage 20 for 20%), the source language (--sl), the target language (--tl) which will be used to label the XML file. A document id (--docid) is also provided.

If a list of stopwords is available for the language in question from package stop_words, then holes are never punched where stopwords are. 

The switch --adjacent_gaps_not_ok avoids punching gaps which are adjacents or just separated by stopwords.

The switch --system labels the system used.



```
usage: prepare_one_2.py [-h] [--percentage PERCENTAGE] [-v]
                        [--include_stopwords] [--include_punctuation]
                        [--no_hint] [--setid SETID] [--docid DOCID] [--sl SL]
                        [--tl TL] [--system SYSTEM] 
                        [--adjacent_gaps_not_ok]
                        reftextfile hinttextfile resultfile

``` 

## wrapper.py

This program receives an informant number, the directory where all problem files are kept  (in directories
such as human, google, yandex, etc., and the names of files to get from each of these directories) and generates
a in /tmp/i where i is the informant number set of one-problem XML files that will later be merged by merger.py.

The code may be improved massively, as it has a number of hard-wired parameters such as the names of the directories (named after the systems).



```
usage: wrapper.py [-h] [-v] [--dry_run]
                  informant documents_root problemfiles [problemfiles ...]

positional arguments:
  informant       Informant number
  documents_root  root of document files
  problemfiles    names of problems to process

optional arguments:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  -v, --verbose   Verbose Mode
  --dry_run       Dry run
```


[I have to modify this code so that it actually works for the Kazakh project etc. --- working on it now]

## merger.py 

Concatenates a series of XML tasks generated by prepare_one_2.py into a single XML file (specified by --output) by wrapping it in <set...>/</set>, ready to be ingested by Appraise. The job may be given a set identifier (--setid).

XML files concatenated should each one contain a single segment (as generated by prepare_one_2.py).

usage: 

```
merger.py [-h] [--setid SETID] [--outfile OUTFILE]
                 mergefile [mergefile ...]

positional arguments:
  mergefile          files to merge

optional arguments:
  -h, --help         show this help message and exit
  --setid SETID      New set identifier
  --outfile OUTFILE  Output file
```
